well at least three people have been
killed in an Israeli strike in southern
Lebanon the strike we understand
targeted a vehicle traveling on a
coastal Road in the Border Town of nura
well let's speak to vill Marks he joins
us with more from occupied East
Jerusalem villm still no more comments
from the Israelis on on what happened in
nura no just in the last few minutes
nasia they have responded they are
looking into this incident that took
place very very close to the Israeli
border four or 5 km just north of that
border nura small small town on the
coast there is the kind of essentially
the last settlement in that part of
Southern Lebanon on the coast a road
then travels East from there all the way
into the interior more or less skirting
that border we've seen these kinds of
incidents in the past the Israelis
typically have not commented on these
kinds of strikes on moving Vehicles what
we do know though is that Hezbollah
yesterday claimed six separate attacks
on Israeli for forces and separately one
attack on an Israeli drone and V you're
in occupied East Jerusalem I understand
there is some kind of a a March being
organized by the families of of captives
being held in Gaza obviously we've seen
mounting pressure on the Israeli
government to to change their their
stance or or do something more over the
last few weeks and
months this has been a central issue
throughout this conflict particularly
domestically in Israel it's an
increasingly vocal and politically
influential movement led by the families
of those believe to be held captive
inside Gaza they're going to be uh
meeting around 20 km north northwest of
the city of Jerusalem around 1:00 today
Gathering and then marching into the
city for a rally this evening and as you
say this is something that is placing a
huge amount of pressure on Benjamin
netanyahu's government it's something
that he has said regardless of whether
there's a ceasefire or not he wants to
to bring those captives home but in
terms of those conversations around the
ceasefire those negotiations involving
Egypt Qatar and the US between Hamas and
Israel it's a very thorny question as to
how many of those individuals are still
alive inside Gaza Netanyahu just a
couple of days ago saying he would not
want to move forward with these peace
talks until they have more information
they have the names of those that are
still verifiably alive nstasia vill
marks there with the latest for us from
occupied East Jerusalem we'll keep an
eye on on that March for you as well
thanks so much f